So let's make sure that when we visit this my-place index.html file,
we do actually render the address here in the header, in the h1 tag and we do render the map. For
that, we can use the my-place Javascript file which is the file loaded in that index.html file and in here,
I will create a new class, place or maybe loaded place or how you want to name it and there in the constructor,
I expect to get the coordinates and the address,
so the two pieces of information we can get from the URL in the end because keep in mind that this
link which is generated has the address encoded in the URL and it has these coordinates encoded in
the URL. Now in there, I then want to build a new map, so we can import map from the UI folder from
the map file there and build a new map here by forwarding coordinates.
I also want to output the address in my header,
so for that we can access the header title and store it in a constant with document query selector header
h1,
this is a CSS selector which selects the first h1 element in the first header element on the page
and here I got exactly one header element with one h1 element so of course we'll select this one. And
now here in the header title element
if you want to call it like this, header title el, I'll set text content, so I'll set the text node in there
equal to the address we're getting. Now after this, we can instantiate this and we have to parse some
data from the URL, so we'll call new place, new loaded place and I'll need to forward coordinates an address
and that is part of the URL and needs to be parsed. For that again, Javascript and the browser got
us covered,
we haven't used it before but we'll use it now.
There is a built-in URL constructor function or class, however you want to call it, so you can
create a new object with new. To that, you can pass a URL and I want to pass the current URL which
as you learned earlier is stored in location.ref,
this is the current location, the current URL which is loaded in the browser and pass this to this
built-in
URL constructor function and it creates an object with options for us to get information out
of that
URL,
that's what this URL utility class provided by the browser does.
So I'll store it in a constant here and now we can get our query parameters as it's called, stored in a query
params constant maybe by accessing url.searchParams,
this is simply provided by this built-in object here, by this built-in class.
So this will be our dynamic
options here,
so the thing after the question mark basically, stored as key-value pairs in query params
now, thanks to search params, so stored as key-value pairs in search params so to say. And then we can
get our coords here,
create a new object where we have a lat key which is query params and there we have a get method and
then get the lat argument,
so with that we're saying hey, I want to get the value which is stored for this lat identifier in my URL
which is this number here in the end
and of course I'll repeat the same for the longitude. So I'll add a longitude here and get it from
query params, get lng. Now important, what's retrieved here will always be a string,
however I need a number here and we can convert it to a number by adding a plus or by using parse float
of course, that also works, you can do both,
so I'll do both here to show you both.
So we get the coordinates, for the address, I will store that in a constant and get it from query
params and there, get address and what you get here of course have to be the keys you find in your
URL, so here I am getting the value for the address key, so the value after this equal sign which
is this address here in the end and this is then retrieved and automatically parsed to a human readable
format,
so from that URI optimized format to a human readable one and then we can forward both here to
loaded place to this constructor. With that if we now save that and we reload this page, I get an error
that Google is not defined which makes sense because I'm using the map in here and for that of course,
I use the Google Maps API,
now that's imported in our root index.html file with this script import but not imported in our
my-place index.html file so of course we should add that import before we add our own script here
too.
So let's add the Google Maps Javascript SDK import with our API key entered here in the index.html
file in my place folder so that we do have access to the Google Maps API in all the scripts that
belong to this file as well. With that if we now reload this,
this still fails. Reason for that is here, we've got async on the Google Maps import and
we actually should remove that. It can result to the Google Maps script loading too late and then our
script might execute before Google Maps was loaded, so let's remove that so that we only have defer
and they are executed in order and therefore now this works and here you see that location which is
shared is loaded here and if I share the 6th Avenue, find that place, click on share place here, got
the link, enter that link here, we got that here.
So this is now working and I mistyped here but this is now working and this is our finished application here
with Google Maps being used, with a couple of browser APIs being used, with browser support ensured
by us with certain if checks where we check if the clipboard API is available and so on and with async
await used with promises with a lot of async code in general, with the fetch API, so with a lot of features
you'll learned about earlier in this course all coming together in this little demo application which hopefully
therefore is a good practice and shows you how tthe different pieces work together.